Add backup usecase for home user to adopters.md (#3045)
openebs/openebs: adopters/users/meyskens/README.md

_backup solution for home laptop_

**Stateful Applications that you are running on OpenEBS**
- Minio

**Type of OpenEBS Storage Engines behind the above application - cStor, Jiva or Local PV**

> - Jiva

Reviewer: In this use case I use cStor

**A brief description of the use case or details on how OpenEBS is helping your projects.**

> - Restic uploads my laptop to Minio running on my home k8s cluster (powered by openebs). A “mc mirror” pod then uploads it to the cloud. I get full speed backups on my laptop and still have a cloud copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restic uploads my laptop to Minio running on my home Kubernetes cluster. Minio runs on a 2 replica OpenEBS cStor PV . A`“mc mirror` pod then watches the bucket and uploads it's content to the cloud. I get full speed backups on my laptop and still have a cloud copy```

Expanded a bit more as I do not have a character limit here :)
